Hurry up, where did he come from?
At dawn.
What does that mean?
What do you mean?
Look at this business manager
Is there anyone like you two?
Ah!
Which of these is not a good thing for the big light?
Look at you two again
What do you see?
Aren't you ashamed?
No way.
Dad, how can you talk like that?
Dogs don't mind poor families, children don't mind ugly mothers
Mom pulled you so hard
Besides, you can't have a request to forget your roots
Your mom apologizes
I'm not wrong to apologize. What am I apologizing for?
I ask you
Okay, okay.
Is it bad? We won't go in.
Then we can eat together as a family
Son, today is your big day
Mom has nothing to give you
This house is your dad and I's life savings
Who cares about your broken house?
I'm finally getting ahead now
Become a city person
Do you still want me to break the kennel?
I'm using it for you.
My mom has nothing to offer you
You only have this room, do I want you to give it?
You say it like you can do anything with me
Also called the village head
What do you want?
Son, what are you doing?
Can your son take you more seriously?